1. Bigger cards for each tasks.
2. Implementing a playground directly on the chat, there should be an option there, or there are some tasks that will require the playground instead of quiz, then it should automatically adjust or be set to playground.
3. cluttered code, separate each major functions to a different file.
4. UI improvement - add more colors.
5. Add an "upload a pdf file", or txt file, system will try to read that file and create a study roadmap for you.
6. UX improvement - add a confetti after the user finishes a tasks, and AI will cheer the user, suggest to deep dive more about the topic, and will suggest small projects to just to learn.
7. Add a pomodoro widget that binds on a phone using web socket, when the user starts the tasks, it will generate a qr code for a live tracker, which is a clock countdown that works on a phone browser, or added as extension (idk).
8. Add a login, using their Email or Username with hashed password.
9. Hash the API keys.
10. Instead of tags, add a description (ai generated) overview of a roadmap.
11. Fix the rating, if you click 4 star you cannot remove the rating.
12. Use the email to remind users.


# new problem
13. the upload pdf converts the pdf to text completely, and will set as the main title of the roadmap card it takes the whole space, it shouldnt behave like that. the title always be 1 sentence or can be generated by AI.
14. fix the timer, its not changing realtime, I have to refresh it in order to countdown.
15. remove the "playground" on the chatbot and from the navbar.
16. some levels will require a code execution or "playground", can you help me implement that, so AI will tell you to go to the playground to actually execute it and passed the level.
16.5. fix the playground AI response, its not properly Implementing the HTML formatting.
17. users can still earn XP even if they answered wrong, number of items are required in order to pass the level, but users can retake unlimited.
18. add a "generate reviewer" that generates a comprehensive reviewer. 